update SMACK documentation (#73)
canonical/ubuntu-security-documentation: security-features/privilege-restriction/index.rst

Access rules are expressed as::

    <subject-label> <object-label> <access>

where access describes the access permitted using the traditional Linux read (R or r) access, write (W or w) access, execute (X or x) access, or append (A or a) access. A dash (-) can be used as a place holder or to express that no access be permitted if used by itself.

SMACK uses several special system labels:

- ``_`` pronounced "floor"
- ``*`` pronounced "star"
- ``^`` pronounced "hat"

There are a limited number of pre-defined rules:

+---------------+---------------+--------+
| Subject Label | Object Label  | Access |
+===============+===============+========+

> | \*            | any           | \-     |

Author: possible, I have removed `-` now and added `(None)` only

+---------------+---------------+--------+
| any           | \*            | rwxa   |
+---------------+---------------+--------+
| ordinary      | ordinary      | rwxa   |
+---------------+---------------+--------+
| any           | \_            | rx     |
+---------------+---------------+--------+
| ^             | any           | rx     |
+---------------+---------------+--------+

> The third rule uses "ordinary" to refer to any label except ``*`` and describes the case where the subject label and the object label are the same.

Reviewer: It might be useful to express a quick example here to really reinforce this is only true for labels that are *exactly* the same. Maybe something like: 
```suggestion
The third rule uses "ordinary" to refer to any label except ``*`` and describes the case where the subject label and the object label are the same. For example, a subject "UserApp" accessing an object "UserApp" would be granted read, write, execute, and append access due to the third rule, while the same subject "UserApp" accessing an object "DatabaseApp" would not be granted that access (unless another rule exists that allows such access).
```

> The third rule uses "ordinary" to refer to any label except ``*`` and describes the case where the subject label and the object label are the same. For example, if a process labeled ``user`` accesses a file also labeled ``user``, the access is allowed with ``rwxa`` permissions. If the same process accesses a file labeled ``_`` (floor), the access is restricted to ``rx``, regardless of the subject label.

Reviewer 2: Is there a different metasyntatic variable that we can use instead of `user`? Maybe `X` or, why not, `foo` :-)?

> Compared to `AppArmor <https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/how-to/security/apparmor/index.html>`_, Ubuntu's default MAC system, SMACK and AppArmor serve different architectural philosophies. AppArmor uses path-based mandatory access controls focused on confining specific applications through profiles that restrict file access, network usage and capabilities. SMACK provides system-wide label-based access control that is more suitable for creating isolated security domains and enforcing consistent policies across all system components. AppArmor excels at application-specific confinement and is easier to deploy incrementally, while SMACK is better suited for environments requiring comprehensive labeling schemes, such as multi-tenant systems or devices where all processes and data need clear security classifications.

Reviewer: Just some minor flow suggestions, feel free to ignore these if you want.

```suggestion
Compared to `AppArmor <https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/how-to/security/apparmor/index.html>`_, Ubuntu's default MAC system, SMACK serves a different architectural philosophy. AppArmor uses path-based mandatory access controls focused on confining specific applications through profiles that restrict file access, network usage, and capabilities. SMACK provides system-wide label-based access control that is more suitable for creating isolated security domains and enforcing consistent policies across all system components. AppArmor excels at application-specific confinement and is easier to deploy incrementally, while SMACK is better suited for environments requiring comprehensive labeling schemes, such as multi-tenant systems or devices where all processes and data need clear security classifications.
```

> SMACK support is available in Ubuntu kernels but is not enabled by default, as AppArmor serves as Ubuntu's primary LSM. To enable SMACK you need to add ``security=smack`` to the kernel line in ``/boot/grub/menu.lst``

Reviewer: Just out of curiosity on my end, was SMACK support always available alongside Ubuntu? Or was it introduced with a certain kernel revision that corresponds to a named release? If so, it would be great to list when it was added here (for example, SMACK support is available in Ubuntu kernels starting with Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Bionic Beaver)).
